fix(account): documentation wording (#1864)
scaleway/docs-content: console/my-account/quickstart.mdx

> Every account has an associated Organization, which in turn has an Owner. If you created your account (and never joined another Organization), you are the Owner of the Organization associated with your account. You can therefore use the **Deactivate Organization** to permanently delete your account and all of its services and backups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every account has an associated Organization, which in turn has an Owner. If you created your account (and never joined another Organization), you are the Owner of the Organization associated with your account. You can therefore use the **Deactivate Organization** button to permanently delete your account and all of its services and backups.
```

<Message type="important">
  There is a delay of up to 10 days between the time your Organization is closed and the time resources are effectively deleted. It is recommended to delete all your resources before you close your Organization. A deactivated Organization can be reactivated upon your request.
</Message>

1. Click **Organization** at the top-right of the console, then click **Organization**. The **Organization Account** page displays.
2. Click **Deactivate Organization** which displays at the bottom of the page, once you have read and agreed with the warning message.
3. Type **Deactivate** to confirm your decision. 

> 4. Select the reasons why you deactivate your Organization. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select the reasons why you are deactivating your Organization. 
```

> 5. Click **Deactivate Organization** to confirm.

Reviewer: Peut-être uniformiser avec plus haut?
